our study demonstrated that mmvarenttymm played an important role in ggvarenttyotrgg cancer development , possibly through targeting ggvarenttygg .
furthermore , mmvarenttyotrmm may diminish cell proliferation and promote cell apoptosis of ggvarenttyotrgg cells via posttranscriptional repression of ggvarenttygg .
bioinformatics analysis and luciferase reporter assay suggest that mmvarenttymm binds to the 3'utr of ggvarenttygg mrna to prevent its translation .
here we reported significantly higher levels of ggvarenttyotrgg ( ggvarenttygg ) and significantly lower levels of mmvarenttymm in the os specimen , compared to those in the paired normal bone tissues .
the influence of microgravity on voluntary and electrically evoked contractions of the ggvarenttygg ( ts ) of seven crewmembers was studied before and after spaceflights ( space ggvarenttyotrgg flights : ggvarenttyotrgg-18 , -22 , -25 , -26 , and -27 ) .
we found that overexpression of mmvarenttymm in os cells decreased ggvarenttygg protein levels , whereas inhibition of mmvarenttymm increased ggvarenttygg protein levels , without affecting ggvarenttygg transcripts .
tumours derived from haematopoietic stem cells expressing a subset of the mmvarenttymm-92 cluster and ggvarenttyotrgg could be distinguished by an absence of apoptosis that was otherwise prevalent in ggvarenttyotrgg-induced ggvarenttygg .
tumours derived from haematopoietic stem cells expressing a subset of the mmvarenttymm-92 cluster and ggvarenttyotrgg could be distinguished by an absence of apoptosis that was otherwise prevalent in ggvarenttyotrgg-induced ggvarenttygg .
some human mirnas are linked to ggvarenttygg : the mmvarenttyotrmm/mmvarenttyotrmm locus is frequently deleted or down-regulated in patients with b-cell chronic lymphocytic leukemia and mmvarenttymm is at a translocation site found in a case of aggressive b-cell leukemia .
the mechanism by which secretion is modified by mmvarenttymm is independent of changes in glucose metabolism or intracellular ggvarenttygg-signalling but correlated with a direct effect on ggvarenttyotrgg exocytosis .
the mechanism by which secretion is modified by mmvarenttymm is independent of changes in glucose metabolism or intracellular ggvarenttygg-signalling but correlated with a direct effect on ggvarenttyotrgg exocytosis .
conclusion : i treatment inhibited the expression of mmvarenttymm , which modulated ggvarenttygg in ftc cells .
enforced expression of the mmvarenttymm-92 cluster acted with ggvarenttyotrgg expression to accelerate tumour development in a mouse ggvarenttygg model .
after ggvarenttyotrgg-week , single-blind lead-in period , ggvarenttyggs were randomly assigned to receive ggvarenttyotrgg 1000 or 1500 mg qd for 24 weeks or to continue mmvarenttymm mg ggvarenttyotrgg for 24 weeks .
the influence of microgravity on voluntary and electrically evoked contractions of the ggvarenttygg ( ts ) of seven crewmembers was studied before and after spaceflights ( space ggvarenttyotrgg flights : ggvarenttyotrgg-18 , -22 , -25 , -26 , and -27 ) .
ggvarenttygg was significantly downregulated by overexpressing mmvarenttymm in ggvarenttyotrgg cancer cells and knocking down ggvarenttygg by sirna exerted similar effect as mmvarenttymm .
the influence of microgravity on voluntary and electrically evoked contractions of the ggvarenttygg ( ts ) of seven crewmembers was studied before and after spaceflights ( space ggvarenttyotrgg flights : ggvarenttyotrgg-18 , -22 , -25 , -26 , and -27 ) .
conclusions : our results demonstrated that the decreased expression of mmvarenttyotrmm could lead to the high expression of ggvarenttygg protein in cancerous tissues .
the predicted target of mmvarenttymm , ggvarenttyotrgg ( ggvarenttygg ) , was downregulated by sirna to examine its effect on ggvarenttyotrgg cancer cells .
some human mirnas are linked to ggvarenttygg : the mmvarenttyotrmm/mmvarenttyotrmm locus is frequently deleted or down-regulated in patients with b-cell chronic lymphocytic leukemia and mmvarenttymm is at a translocation site found in a case of aggressive b-cell leukemia .
in addition , mmvarenttyotrmm decreased the enzymatic activity of endogenous ggvarenttygg .
our aim is to analyze the role of mmvarenttymm in ggvarenttyotrgg cell lines in controlling the expression of some of its possible target genes , including ggvarenttygg and its relationship with proliferation , apoptosis and dna ploidy .
luciferase essay showed ggvarenttygg was direct target of mmvarenttymm .
taken together , our data demonstrate that mmvarenttymm may inhibit the growth of os through ggvarenttygg .
in particular , we experimentally validate common regulation of ggvarenttygg by mmvarenttyotrmm , mmvarenttyotrmm and mmvarenttymm and thus provide evidence for coordinate microrna control in mammals .
recently , lowered expression of mmvarenttymm , resulting in upregulation of ggvarenttygg , has been correlated with low-grade , non-invasive bladder urothelial cancer , as an alternative oncogenesis pathway to the typical ggvarenttygg gene mutation .
